# Reflection

1. This exam, my main challenge was downloading the files for task 2, although I have done it before in quiz 1. But because I used my personal computer, I couldn't do it at first, because when I wrote the commands on the terminal, it gave me an error, saying that I need special permissions and I am not an authorised user to execute those commands. However, I finally managed to solve the issue using AI.
2. Yes, AI was a helpful tool for me in this exam. Even if I had most of the knowledge from before (I studied and practised for this exam at home), AI helped me in the unpredictable situations I faced during the exam, like the one mentioned above at point 1. I also used AI in task 3, where I asked it which features I can implement in the Bank Management System. It provided me with a list from which I chose a few and implemented them on my own (with the exception of one function that initially gave me an error, and I solved it with the help of AI). I also used AI for task one, when I came up with the idea of using a map to recreate the association between the integers and the strings, and I asked AI if it is a good idea to do so.
3. In the "New feature" I created in task 3, I iniatially wanted to print all details of the customer based on the id (including the account details). I tried to implement it by myself and it worked, but just for the customer details, when I tried to add the account detail it would give me an error. Then I asked AI what I should do about it, but the solutions it provided didn't work, even if I made my own adjustments. Therefore, I had to leave the function as it was, printing only the customer details.
